---
title: 大英（三）口语考试
date: 2024-12-06 09:55:09
category: 英语
tags:
  - 英语
  - 作文
description: 偶然翻到的，当时分还挺高，留个纪念吧。
cover: https://bu.dusays.com/2024/12/06/67525b949d1c5.jpg
---

Hello everyone, thank you for your attentive presence. Today, I would like to share with you a relatively unknown topic—scoliosis surgery. This topic is particularly close to my heart as I have just gone through a long and challenging recovery period from scoliosis surgery, taking a year off from my studies. This experience has given me a profound appreciation for the advances in medical technology and a heightened awareness of the importance of health.

So, what is scoliosis? In a nutshell, scoliosis refers to a lateral curvature of the spine. This abnormal curvature can lead to asymmetry of the trunk, lower back pain, and even affect respiratory and visceral organ functions. Scoliosis surgery is highly complex, involving adjustments and corrections to the skeletal structure of the spine. The specific surgical methods may vary depending on the patient's condition, but typically involve the implantation of metal supports or screws to correct the spinal curvature. When I first learned about 6G technology, I immediately wondered if it could be applied to scoliosis surgery.

In my research, I found that many challenges related to scoliosis could be effectively addressed with the assistance of 6G. Thus,I mainly divide the application of 6G in scoliosis surgery into three aspects: the formulation of personalized surgical plans: customizing surgical plans, intelligent medical robotics and remote surgery. 

Among them, what impressed me the most was customizing surgical plans. I have been officially hospitalized for a total of 171 days. However, in fact, I spent nearly half a month undergoing various examinations in the hospital to seek the best treatment plan. This is really a time-consuming task. The high speed, low latency, and large capacity of 6G technology provide robust support for personalized surgical plans, can greatly accelerate this process.

As for the remaining two aspects, I found that the three important indicators of 6G: ultra-high density positioning (sub meter level), ultra-low latency jitter, and ultra-high security all perfectly match them. Taking surgical robots as an example, if 6G support can be obtained in the future, the operating speed and safety of robots will be greatly improved. There is no doubt that these advanced technologies will bring a better treatment environment to patients.

Through my experience, I deeply understand the importance of scoliosis surgery for patients. At the same time, I see the potential brought about by 6G. In the future, I look forward to seeing that 6G can provide better treatment options and faster recovery for scoliosis patients. Through my sharing, I hope more people can get a better understanding of this surgery and cherish their health even more. Thank you all!